would you rather eat chocolate flavored
poop or eat poop flavored chocolate no
I'm just thinking of the human centipede
again oh hey guys how's it going so
today I have Hank search and welcome him
Sergio shoutout raise the roof and today
we're doing the would you rather
challenge we're gonna answer some
questions on my channel and also when
you're done with this video head over to
his channel and we're gonna answer more
questions over there so this could be
fun are you ready oh my god let's let's
go for it
Oh would you rather have the ability to
read minds you will be illiterate or
have just the ability to read so I get
it if you could read minds then you
can't read anything else so everywhere
you go it would feel like you're in a
foreign country can't read everything or
just ability to read I would choose
number one really I think because I feel
like the ability to read minds would
actually tell that would be that'd be a
cluster in your mind though imagine but
there would be a way to read everybody's
minds they'd probably be pretty
traumatic too right right cuz you can
then hear whatever I would hear what's
going through your mind right now or a
lot of noise I wanna know I only I am
only thinking about love and affection
maillot 6:10 right now right well I
would choose the ability to read
actually like cuz it around by myself
and everything you know and readings
enjoyable to reading for that ya know
okay so here's a good question would you
rather watch your parents have sex every
single day for a year look or join in
once to make it stop this is disgusting
this is disgusting
no question we can't answer this
correctly and be normal well nah I don't
answer inna I wouldn't need a fifth on
this I'll just no you have to answer not
I think the Tama swayed and you have to
it's like truth or notes that you have
to pick one I said I don't want to
fucking join in so I would I would sit
through that torture if it's only
everyday for a bit job but you would get
boring after a while and you would get
desensitized
it is traumatic it would be more
traumatizing to have to join in once to
make it stop I'm not doing that not
doing that I'm not joining in but I
don't want to watch yeah well luckily
luck not ideal so luckily my parents are
divorced so I don't have to worry about
this next question would you rather have
hiccups for the rest of your life or
feel like you need to sneeze and not be
able to for the rest of your life ooh
that sounds pretty miserable I I would
definitely pick the second one I would
feel like I need to sneeze but not be
able to I would do oh you know what yeah
sometimes it feels kind of good I can I
don't know no way I feel like but you
know like though people that's that's a
condition that you can hide right if
you're camping all the time there's no
way you can unless you can stagnate that
where you can hold it down to like 30
seconds okay you pick up things gonna
make me want to start actually tipping
for real that's the end of that would
you rather eat chocolate flavored poo or
eat poop flavored chocolate I'll do the
chocolate flavored no no no no no poop
flavor chocolate because it's actually a
still child yeah actually so chocolate
just flavor to the taste disgusting cuz
I just you can just down it and hold
your breath and not actually have to
bring it bleep oh you'd be an actual
poop that's like that could be dangerous
Oh does that say well it was not if it
was not toxic but I think mentally I
wouldn't be able to get an out of my
mind I just ate shit I just ate shit oh
my god I just ate you know I'm just
thinking of the human centipede again ah
the last question here we have is you're
on a desert island with a beautiful
woman or man okay yeah I was like I'm
not okay where's this going would you
rather that they are top half fish or
bottom half fish wait how do fish like
reproduce like eggs
yeah what they don't they don't vomit
like 3,000 eggs yeah but like how do
they there lies how do they fertilize
you ha trash fish like how would this
fertilization happen if the bottom half
was a fish well we're here we're here we
are thinking we're not we're
overthinking just depends on your
priorities honestly I would do a merman
I would do top yeah
not in half because least you like talk
to it you can talk to it and there are
things you can do with your mouth still
so yeah I mean they still have hands
yeah yeah and a big fan I would I would
do top half fish too me too
will do will do the mermen in fact I
think there was some mermen in the
original Little Mermaid who were pretty
hot I mean none of them were featured
but alright well hopefully this is
entertaining for you guys thank you so
much for watching don't forget to hit
that like button and check out Hanks
channel and the video we did over on his
channel I will link it in the
description below and I will see you
guys very soon bye see ya and think that
the little fuck my life